This is Albert's most mysterious winner
Witt has won five Albert Awards throughout the year
This is his first public appearance
idiom
The English word for buckwheat is Witt.
Is this a coincidence or
idiom
What's up?
Why didn't you hear me when I called you?
Yurou, what's the matter with you?
This woman can't be for her
She's just kidding us.
Buckwheat has advocated for you for so many years
Didn't you tell me?
Sorry about this.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for hosting the room
Are you sitting in the wrong seat?
Miss Jiang, that seat is for wet
Your seat is in the second row
Miss Jiang, please leave
Program, can you tell them about it?
Don't make me sit in the back
That's so humiliating